It felt like a bad dream.
Our family were really zealous in the truth.
We were playing downstairs one day,
and Mom came down to tell us she was leaving Jehovah and leaving Dad.
Saying goodbye to Mom, that was the hardest day of my life.
My mother and father became inactive when I was about four years old.
My father was never really around.
When my mom started to learn the truth,
my dad said she was forbidden from studying.
If we were to go to the meetings, he would take us out forcibly.
He became verbally and physically abusive to my mom.
My parents' breakup was very tough.
It was a struggle for my mother to raise two boys on her own.
She would work two or three jobs and serving Jehovah just took a back seat.
When my parents divorced, my mom was very depressed.
She did the best she could,
but Jehovah didn't intend for mothers to fill both roles as parents.
My sisters and I, we made a conscious choice
that we weren't going to make the same bad choices that Mom did.
We realized that it's up to us.
So I dedicated my life to Jehovah and was baptized when I was 15.
We thrived spiritually when we didn't have the opposition from Dad.
Now we can go out and service, go to the meetings freely.
We didn't have to hide our literature for fear he would rip them up.
When I was around 15 years old, my mother took us to the meeting
and she was determined that this was going to be her last meeting.
It was the night of a local needs party.
It was the right time Jehovah just opened my mother's heart.
Why? After that experience,
it was like she was a new woman.
My sisters and I have always been a team.
We pioneered together,
we moved to Cambodia to serve as their greatest together.
They're both in special full-time service
with their husbands in Cambodia.
And I've been serving here in Myanmar Bethel,
along with my husband for just over 11 years now.
My mom set a stellar example for me to follow.
Her relationship with Jehovah was always above everything else.
It was her example that helped me to set and reach spiritual goals.
I started pioneering during my senior year of high school
in nearly 20 years of full-time service,
spending most of that time at Brooklyn Bethel and Warwick with my wife.
My mother had a very strong influence on theocratic goals.
My wife and I had the privilege of attending the first school,
the Kingdom Evangelizers,
and currently we're serving in the circuit work.
No one needs to be defined by their negative circumstances.
First Peter 5-10 says,
God himself will complete your training.
It might be tough at times,
but what Jehovah's help you can succeed.
It reminds me of what David said in the 27th Psalm in verse 10.
He said,
even if my father or mother abandoned me,
Jehovah would take me in.
That was definitely the case in my situation.
Jehovah doesn't define us by our upbringing or our past.
He sees our potential,
so it's up to us.
With Jehovah, we can be anything we want to be.